Go ahead.
Why do you look exactly like my father?
Hahahaha
I have long since become incarnate
No entity is immortal
No entity
You don't need a physical entity to live
Back then, Xiao Jingshan practiced the mind method of Shenyun Sect
Just because there are too many thoughts in my heart
Unable to meditate
So separate the distractions
In order to concentrate on cultivation
So you are the distraction
That's right, the more distractions Xiao Jingshan has
The more powerful I am
Occasionally one day I encountered a devil
Accompanied by magic
Have a human mentality
Why are you here?
Hahahaha
Xiaojingshan separated me from my body
Become a witness gentleman
Then there is Hu Yan
Don't blame me for suppressing you in the glass bottle
You are no longer my opponent
This Shen Yunzong will be mine sooner or later
Lost my girl take it back
Why why
Xiao Jingshan told me to separate and also asked me to suppress
I can believe it. I can't believe it.
So you sneak attack Shen Yunzong
Call me a heart
Yes, I am both transformed by his inner demon
Nature knows when defense is weak in the cloud of gods
Not lost
Be sure to get it back